you're watching without the snow dogs
make sure to comment rate and subscribe
like my geocache urine with a whole
bunch of people now we're crossing a
train bridge raw looking but we can't
find it a train went over and says six
feet it may have it may be in the river
yeah you would think so unless the train
made it fall
alright I think this one's gonna be a do
not find we found one on the river by
another bridge just not the same bridge
we're bushwhacking it offer a geocache
whose idea was this oh the batteries on
them batteries so you don't have a GPS
anymore he's having a good time in the
woods and this is part of the fun of
geocaching we're out somewhere we've
never been before walking up in this
trail that apparently somebody mowed we
have to walk what did we say point four
miles point four miles through the woods
and now we're on a trail and now we're
going this way hundred and twenty six
meters go find this geocache but we get
to walk by this pretty scenery the whole
way nobody saw ball deal yeah we did but
I don't have my good camera okay because
we're soaked we sent them that way cuz I
feed her wet my feet are wet Peter wet
there's some water
so we sent all the boys that way I think
Sean found it already
no that's a can it's 91 feet that way
yeah it should be up there there's like
you're on we're still geocaching 95 feet
that way there's the rest of the group
it's actually we've had some cool
weather it's not that warm out still
look subway I have to say that subway is
like the blandest food ever I don't know
how all you guys eat subway maybe I'm
spoiled we just ate there it's crap
there's some geese and swans and the
Harrisville Harbor we're heading out to
another geocache that's out they were
cool looking now we're out at the
Harrisville Harbor looking for another
geocache everybody else is up there I
was taking pictures and video of geese
and the Swans we're walking this way
to find yet another Julius Monica found
the geocache
looks like draining over there now we're
at the old Harrisville Depot looking for
yet another geocache it's back in there
somewhere
Bradley found it walked on it though I
did check zero feet it was right there
now we're geocaching in the rain at the
Mill Pond
so the name of this cache was the
boneyard we won't tell you where it is
but that's what it looks like show me
let me see sure yep
yeah that's pretty cool that must mean
we're close that's pretty cool it's
probably the thing that's is uh yeah
definitely a neat geocache we're doing
another cache in the woods mm-hmm
Sean and number that way we went this
way cuz there was a path but we're not
really sure if it's the right path but
it looks like this will go out to the
lake I think he's saying you don't want
to come this way I think that's what he
said too so we're gonna try going this
way and see if the path that was around
yuppies head I'll read the cache
description and see what I can find out
ouch I stepped down on Stickney helped
me then watch my toes see my new shoes
pretty cool huh
we just found a geocache in this
gravesite and this has to be the most
interesting tombstone I've seen in a
while somebody that passed away in
October 20th 1930 think that angel is
missing a head what do you think that's
creepy isn't it no so I came and got
some pictures of it I don't know but
that's creepy now you should take your
picture okay I got a stop video and take
your
picture more cool places that geocaching
takes you but we haven't found the
geocache yet it's over there somewhere
are you eating things off the ground
it's gotta be like right here somewhere
I think yuck food off the ground
they found it way over there I was
coming back to the truck to get my phone
and they found it
there's the Jeep in the woods
they're over there with the cash yeah I
do like the fact that geocaching brings
you out places that you don't normally
know are there definitely makes it fun
look at here it's just kind of staring
at us
Odia toilet paper oh I have a white
sweater maybe it's hard to hold this
camera steady when it zoomed all the way
there use dance ago since I was so
disappointed by subway extremely
disappointed we're going to the daily so
I can eat a real sandwich because that
was disappointing and now I want to say
it was perfect in toward a that's a good
idea
maybe that'll be the perfect